[IMP] MRP: updated Kits doc rst content (#2720)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/kit_shipping.rst

product does not matter, since Odoo uses the routes of the kit’s components for replenishment
purposes. All other parameters for the kit product may be modified according to preference.
Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`.

The kit’s components require no specific configuration. 

Setting up the kit BoM
======================

After fully configuring the kit product and its components, create a BoM for the kit product. Go to
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Bills of Materials`, then click :guilabel:`Create`.
Next, set the :guilabel:`BoM Type` to :guilabel:`Kit`. Finally, add each component and specify its
quantity. Make sure to :guilabel:`Save` the changes.

.. image:: kit_shipping/bom-kit-selection.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Kit selection on the bill of materials. 

If the kit is solely being used as a sellable product, then only components need to be added, and
configuring manufacturing operations is not necessary.

.. note:: When a kit is sold as a product, it appears as a single line item on the quotation and
    sales order. However, on delivery orders, each component of the kit is listed. 

Using kits to manage complex BoMs 

> =================================

Reviewer: Make sure the `=` matches the last letter of the section title after you change `Using` to `Use`

> Kits are also used to manage *multilevel BoMs*. These are products that contain other products as

Reviewer: Replace `*multilevel BoMs*` with `` *multilevel* :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` ``

> components and therefore require nested BoMs. Incorporating pre-configured kits into multilevel BoMs

Reviewer: - Replace `BoMs` with `` :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` ``
- Replace `multilevel BoMs` with `` multilevel :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` `

> allows for cleaner organization. List a kit as a component in a higher-level product’s BoM to

Reviewer: - Add `` Under the :guilabel:`Components`, `` before `List a kit...`
- Uncapitalize the first letter of `List`
- Replace `product's BoM` with `` product's :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` ``

eliminate the need to add the kit’s parts individually, as illustrated below by the Custom Computer

> Kit in the Custom Server BoM.

Reviewer: Delete `by the Custom Computer Kit in the Custom Server BoM`

> Kit in the Custom Server BoM.

Reviewer: Does it matter what the "BoM Type" is for multilevel BoMs?

.. image:: kit_shipping/multilevel-bom-kit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Kit as a component in a multilevel bill of materials. 

> To access a comprehensive overview of the multilevel BoM's components, click on the

Reviewer: Replace `BoM's` with `` :abbr:`BoM's (Bill of Material's)` ``

> :guilabel:`Structure & Cost` smart button. Sublevel BoMs can be expanded and viewed from this

Reviewer: Replace `BoMs` with `` :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)` ``

========

> Use Kits

Reviewer 2: Sentence case.
```suggestion
Use kits
```

========

A *kit* is a set of unassembled components. Kits may be sold as products, but are also useful tools
for managing more complex bills of materials (BoMs). To use kits, the :guilabel:`Manufacturing` and
:guilabel:`Inventory` applications need to be installed.

Create the kit as a product
===========================

To use a kit as a sellable product or simply as a component organization tool, the kit should first
be created as a product. To create a kit product, go to :menuselection:`Manufacturing or Inventory

> --> Products --> Products`, then click :guilabel:`Create`.

Reviewer: Add `and` before `then click`

Next, set the :guilabel:`Product Type` to :guilabel:`Storable Product`: this allows for management
of kit inventory. The :guilabel:`Route` designation under the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab does not

> matter, since Odoo uses the routes of the kit’s components for replenishment purposes. All other

Reviewer 2: replace serif apostrophe (which was likely copied over from a gdoc) with sans-serif version so it's more RST-friendly.
```suggestion
matter, since Odoo uses the routes of the kit's components for replenishment purposes. All other
```

parameters for the kit product may be modified according to preference. Finally, click
:guilabel:`Save`.

The kit's components must also be configured as products via :menuselection:`Manufacturing or
Inventory --> Products --> Products`. These components require no specific configuration.

Set up the kit BoM
==================

After fully configuring the kit product and its components, create a :abbr:`BoM (Bill of
Materials)` for the kit product. Go to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Products --> Bills of

> Materials`, then click :guilabel:`Create`. Next, set the :guilabel:`Product` field to the

Reviewer: Add `and` before `then click`

previously configured kit product. Then, set the :guilabel:`BoM Type` to :guilabel:`Kit`. Finally,
add each component and specify its quantity. Make sure to :guilabel:`Save` the changes.

.. image:: kit_shipping/bom-kit-selection.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Kit selection on the bill of materials.

If the kit is solely being used as a sellable product, then only components need to be added under
the :guilabel:`Components` tab, and configuring manufacturing operations is not necessary.

.. note:: 
   When a kit is sold as a product, it appears as a single line item on the quotation and
   sales order. However, on delivery orders, each component of the kit is listed.

Use kits to manage complex BoMs 
===============================

Kits are also used to manage *multilevel* :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)`. These are products
that contain other products as components and therefore require nested :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of
Materials)`. Incorporating pre-configured kits into multilevel :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)`
allows for cleaner organization of bundled products. Under :guilabel:`Components`, list a kit as a

> component in a higher-level product’s :abbr:`BoM (Bills of Material)` to eliminate the need to add
> the kit’s parts individually. Any :guilabel:`BoM Type` can be used for the higher-level product's

Reviewer 2: apostrophes
```suggestion
component in a higher-level product's :abbr:`BoM (Bills of Material)` to eliminate the need to add
the kit's parts individually. Any :guilabel:`BoM Type` can be used for the higher-level product's
```

:abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`.

.. image:: kit_shipping/multilevel-bom-kit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Kit as a component in a multilevel bill of materials.

> To access a comprehensive overview of the multilevel :abbr:`BoM's (Bills of Material's)`

Reviewer: Remove the `s` from `Bills`

components, click on the :guilabel:`Structure & Cost` smart button. Sublevel :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of
Materials)` can be expanded and viewed from this report.

.. image:: kit_shipping/structure-and-cost-kit.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Expanded kit in the Structure and Cost report.

When creating a manufacturing order for a product with a multilevel :abbr:`BoM (Bill of
Materials)`, the kit product automatically expands to show all components. Any operations in the

> kit’s :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` are also added to the list of work orders on the

Reviewer 2: apostrophe
```suggestion
kit's :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)` are also added to the list of work orders on the
```

manufacturing order.

.. note::
   Kits are primarily used to bundle components together for organization or sale. To manage

>    multilevel products that require manufactured subcomponents, refer to :doc:`this documentation

Reviewer: Add `on sub-assemblies` after `this documentation`
